Automatic handling of vcpkg dependencies (#41908)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/COMPILING/COMPILING-VS-VCPKG.md

.\vcpkg integrate install
```

> 4. (Optional) Install (or upgrade) neccessary packages with following command line:

Author: ```suggestion
4. (Optionally) Install (or upgrade) neccessary packages with following command line:
```

cd Cataclysm-DDA
```

> 2. Open the provided solution (`msvc-full-features\Cataclysm-vcpkg-static.sln`) in `Visual Studio`, select configuration (`Release` or `Debug`) and platform (`x64` or `x86`) and build it. All dependencies should be built by vcpkg automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Open the provided solution (`msvc-full-features\Cataclysm-vcpkg-static.sln`) in `Visual Studio`, select configuration (`Release` or `Debug`) and platform (`x64` or `x86`) and build it. All necessary dependencies will be built and cached for future use by vcpkg automatically.
```
